# Repository Content

This repository contains all files related to my research project about Visual Working Memory functions in Moebius Patients.

This work was presented during the [Cognitive Science Arena](https://cogsci.unibz.it/), Brixen (BZ, Italy), February 7-8th, 2020. This is the [online version of the poster](reporting/poster/VWM_Moebius_Poster.html)

## Data

The **data folder** contains `raw` and `processed` data of the experiment.

* The `raw` data file is the output (cleaned from sensitive data) of the [EPrime](https://pstnet.com/products/e-prime/) experiment routine.
* The `cleaned` folder contains the output of the `data_creation.R` script.

## Scripts

The **script folder** contains the scripts for creating the `cleaned` dataset and for the statistical analysis presented during the conference.

* `data_creation.R`
* `analysis.R`

## Reporting

The **reporting folder** contains all the files for generating the html *poster*.

## Objects

The **objects folder** contains large objects generated by the `analysis.R` script.

## Packrat

The **packrat folder** contains all R packages used inside the project.

## Experiment

The **experiment folder** contains all files related to the experimental setting in particular:
* The **EPrime file** for the experiment
* The **Pipeline** for creating the stimuli
* All **stimuli** presented during the experiment

# Files Documentation

In the code I mainly use the [Tidyverse](https://www.tidyverse.org/) approach.

The final dataset inside the `data/cleaned` folder is a long form dataset beacause of the repeated measure design where each row is an experimental trial and each column is a variable. The variables are:
* **Subject**: is the subject number from 1 to 37. 1-7 regards the Moebius group and 8-37 the control group.
* **Group**: a 2 levels factor for Moebius and Controls
* **Emotion**: a 3 levels factor for the emotional face in the specific trial
* **Memory**: a variable that represents the to-be-remembered image (from 0 to 7)
* **Mem**: the same variable as **Memory** but trasformed in factor
* **Test**: the pressed image by the subject
* **Test_Memory_Abs**: the response variable in all analysis that is computed as $Test\;-Memory$. Where 0 is a correct answer and from 1 to 7 an increasing error.

## Reproducibility

The entire project (data cleaning, statistical analysis and poster) can be reproduced simply opening the `RProject file` and running:

* `data_creation.R`
* `analysis.R`

Then if you want to reproduce the poster you can compile the `VMW_Moebius_Poster.Rmd` file.

# Stimuli Creation

The **experiment** folder contains the eprime script and a [detailed pipeline](experiment/pipeline_stimuli/Pipeline_Moebius_Stimuli.html) to create the final stimuli. As explained inside the document, I used different softwares inside the pipeline. 

All steps are documented and explained but only final stimuli are uploaded. However, starting from the initial movies (reference inside the pipeline document) is possible to reproduce the final result adjusting some scripts to the *specific path of your computer*. This means that the level of reproducibility is reduced compared to the **R** part of the repository because of the fragmentation of used softwares.